README.md, before:

<h1>Welcome to FlipArt!</h1>
<img src="https://yt3.googleusercontent.com/lbOEn2YSDl2ec1gvyRl3jkAeXCiZ2N_a-AlcLlZi3iQFEZBSxm3FIitsONc0xa3aH20bJusifw=s88-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj" width="50">

- 👋 Hi, I’m FlipArt!
- 🔍 I’m interested Game and App Development (in SilkOS)
- 🏝️ I’m currently trying to learn C (then C++ maybe)
- ⚡ Fun fact: My Website has been updated after 7 months
- 🚀 Current Project(s):
 - Silk-Forum frontend and release of the final website WITH backend
 - Finish the Silk-Developer-Portal and make the containers actually build SilkOS

<h1>Stats</h1>

![FlipArtYT's Stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=FlipArtYT&theme=tokyonight&show_icons=true&hide_border=true&count_private=true)<br>
<!---![FlipArtYT's Streak](https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=FlipArtYT&theme=tokyonight&hide_border=true)<br>-->
<!--- Info: Streak widget left out because of it often failing to display--->
![FlipArtYT's Top Languages](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=FlipArtYT&theme=tokyonight&show_icons=true&hide_border=true&layout=compact)

<h2>Stuff about me</h2>
<ul>
  <li>Don't have a lot of experience in programming, but I can make basic applications like servers or random tools</li>
  <li>I mostly program with Visual Studio Code on my Mac and older ThinkPad T410</li>
  <li>I have a Raspberry Pi 4B which I will use to host the Forum Backend for the Silk Project</li>
  <li>...</li>
</ul>

<h2>My Website</h2>
<a href="https://flipart.neocities.org/" title="Welcome to FlipArt OS 9!">
  <img src="https://flipart.neocities.org/images/flipbadge.gif" alt="FlipArt OS">
</a>

Commit message:

Revise project details in README.md
Updated current projects and added a new challenge for Silk Vocal Studio.

README.md, after:

<h1>Welcome to FlipArt!</h1>
<img src="https://yt3.googleusercontent.com/lbOEn2YSDl2ec1gvyRl3jkAeXCiZ2N_a-AlcLlZi3iQFEZBSxm3FIitsONc0xa3aH20bJusifw=s88-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj" width="50">

- 👋 Hi, I’m FlipArt!
- 🔍 I’m interested Game and App Development (in SilkOS)
- 🏝️ I’m currently trying to learn C (then C++ maybe)
- ⚡ Fun fact: My Website has been updated after 7 months
- 🚀 Current Project(s):
 - Silk Vocal Studio's first version, current challenge is automatically configuring the oto.ini file, there are no good repositories that have good documentation

<h1>Stats</h1>

![FlipArtYT's Stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=FlipArtYT&theme=tokyonight&show_icons=true&hide_border=true&count_private=true)<br>
<!---![FlipArtYT's Streak](https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=FlipArtYT&theme=tokyonight&hide_border=true)<br>-->
<!--- Info: Streak widget left out because of it often failing to display--->
![FlipArtYT's Top Languages](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=FlipArtYT&theme=tokyonight&show_icons=true&hide_border=true&layout=compact)

<h2>Stuff about me</h2>
<ul>
  <li>Don't have a lot of experience in programming, but I can make basic applications like servers or random tools</li>
  <li>I mostly program with Visual Studio Code on my Mac and older ThinkPad T410</li>
  <li>I have a Raspberry Pi 4B which I will use to host the Forum Backend for the Silk Project</li>
  <li>...</li>
</ul>

<h2>My Website</h2>
<a href="https://flipart.neocities.org/" title="Welcome to FlipArt OS 9!">
  <img src="https://flipart.neocities.org/images/flipbadge.gif" alt="FlipArt OS">
</a>
